feat(sanity_check): improvements (#1487)
leanprover-community/mathlib: docs/tactics.md

attribute [simp, reassoc] some_class.bar
```
### sanity_check
User commands to spot common mistakes in the code

* `#sanity_check`: check all declarations in the current file

> * `#sanity_check_mathlib`: check all declarations in mathlib (excluding the current file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `#sanity_check_mathlib`: check all declarations in mathlib (but not core, or the current project if run outside mathlib; also for technical reasons, skips the current file)
```

Author: I thought that was covered under the term `mathlib`, but I added a clarification.

attribute [simp, reassoc] some_class.bar
```
### sanity_check
User commands to spot common mistakes in the code

* `#sanity_check`: check all declarations in the current file
* `#sanity_check_mathlib`: check all declarations in mathlib (so excluding core or other projects,
  and also excluding the current file)
* `#sanity_check_all`: check all declarations in the environment (the current file and all
  imported files)

You can append a `-` to any command (e.g. `#sanity_check_mathlib-`) to only run the subset of the
tests that don't take long to execute.

Currently this will check for

* unused arguments in declarations,
* whether a declaration is incorrectly marked as a def/lemma,
* whether a namespace is duplicated in the name of a declaration
* whether ≥/> is used in the declaration

> 

Reviewer 2: Perhaps these items should be numbered, and the comment about `-` should be moved below and mention by number which ones are run by `sanity_check-`. Right now it isn't clear which ones take long to execute.

Author: good idea!
